Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs once
upon a time there lived a king and a
queen one day they were blessed with the
birth of a beautiful daughter
they named the little princess Snow
White
sadly the Queen died soon after and a
few years later the King remarried the
new Queen was beautiful but very selfish
and very vain she had a magic mirror and
she would often ask it magic mirror on
the wall who is the fairest of them all
you Oh Queen the mirror would reply and
hearing this the Queen would smile with
pride the years passed by and Snow White
turned into a beautiful and gentle young
girl beloved by everyone in the kingdom
one day the Queen spoke to the mirror as
usual but the answer was different this
time magic mirror on the wall who is the
fairest of them all
you O queen are most fair but Snow White
is the fairest of them all the Queen
could not believe what she had just
heard and she quickly decided that
snow-white must die the Queen called her
royal Huntsman and ordered him to take
Snow White into the forest kill her and
bring back her heart to prove that she
was dead
the Huntsman was horrified he loved the
little princess and did not want to kill
her he took Snow White deep into the
forest and told her beware of your
stepmother she commanded me to kill you
but I can't and I won't run away and
escape deep into the forest
and never come back the Huntsman left
poor Snow White alone and brought the
Queen the heart of a wild boar and the
Queen was very happy seeing the heart
and she believed that poor Snow White
was dead now I'm the fairest of them all
she laughed meanwhile Snow White ran as
far as she could until she came to a
cottage hidden deep in the forest since
it appeared to be empty she pushed open
the door and went inside
the house was very small
but inside there was a very big mess
quickly she dusted and cleaned the house
and started to make dinner but since she
was so tired she went off to take a nap
later that day the Seven Dwarves who
lived in the cottage entered inside and
they couldn't believe their eyes their
home was clean and spotless no could
have done this they asked they looked
around dinner was cooking in the oven
and the table was set they peered into
the bedroom where they saw the beautiful
princess asleep just then snow white
woke up to find seven little men
standing by her bedside don't be
frightened
they told her how did you find this
place
they asked Snow White told them her
story the Seven Dwarves were angry to
hear the tale she told you must stay
here with us they said to her she was
very happy to have found a safe place to
live and the dwarfs were happy to have
someone agreed to keep their house clean
very soon
Snow White forgot all about the Wicked
Queen as she and the Seven Dwarfs
started living a good life together in
the meanwhile the Queen herself was
living happily - until one day she
thought about the magic mirror once
again she asked it magic mirror on the
wall who is the fairest of them all Snow
White who lives with the seven little
men is the fairest of them all the magic
mirror replied when she heard this the
Queen went mad with rage the Huntsman
had tricked her but this time she would
take no more chances she disguised
herself as an old beggar woman and went
to the dwarfs cottage at a time when she
knew Snow White would be all alone the
Wicked Queen knocked on the door when
Snow White opened the door she only saw
a beggar woman standing there try one of
my Apple
little girl they are the most wonderful
in the world said the beggar woman
snow-white took one of the apples from
the beggar woman's basket when snow
white looked at the Apple she couldn't
resist taking a bite of it but as she
did so she immediately fell down dead
the Apple was poisonous nothing but a
kiss from your true love can save you
now left the Queen as she returned to
her castle when they arrived home the
dwarves tried everything they could to
make Snow White come back to life but it
was of no use grieving for her they
fashioned a coffin made of crystal and
placed Snow White inside then the dwarfs
carried the crystal coffin and Snow
White to a special place in the middle
of a clearing in the forest
the dwarves sadly visited her there
every single day after that one day a
handsome prince came riding from a
nearby kingdom he saw Snow White laying
in her crystal coffin and fell deeply in
love with her how beautiful she is he
said kneeling down to kiss her his was
the kiss of true love the one thing in
the world that could break the Queen's
evil spell Snow White awoke and saw the
handsome prince beside her she realized
then that this was the prince of her
dreams
the prince without hesitation asked will
you marry me Snow White smiled and said
yes the Evil Queen was soon banished
from the kingdom never to be seen again
and Snow White
married her Prince and they lived in
their castle happily ever after and of
course the Seven Dwarfs were always
welcome to come for a visit the end